{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\froman Courier New;}{\f2\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17763}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\kerning1\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 My Power Station Technology (Orbital Decisions)\f1\lang1049  PRODUCTS \b0\fs20 as at \lang7177 1st July 201\f0\lang1033 9\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
All Orbital Decisions components (except InfoQuest) \lang7177 are now free\lang1033 .  All components (except InfoQuest) are now Delphi XE8 \f0 and Delphi 10.3 Rio \f1 compatible.  If you need earlier demo or registered versions please let us know.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
The following shareware and freeware products are currently available from us:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
---------------------------------------------------------------\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\b\f1\fs20\lang1033 APPLICATIONS\b0\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033 ---------------------------------------------------------------\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
Visual Drag and Drop Loom Loading Scheduling Application\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab This program is a simplified version of a system already in use \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab at a textile factory and employs our visual drag and drop \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab scheduling component system for Borland Delphi, which is used to represent\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab individual looms in the factory. The purpose of the system is to experiment with \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab various loom loading scenarios, comparing their requirements and outputs to arrive \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab at the optimal solution for achieving the production targets with the available \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab raw materials in an efficient manner (eg: minimizing the number of reed changes). \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab Also, the rules built into the program and database go a long way to preventing \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab costly errors with the various yarn combinations, etc.  The application is written\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab using Interbase and can be modified to work with Oracle, SQL-Server, etc.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
UserPriv Application     Free.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab Visual User Privileges Administrator for Interbase Databases.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab Source code version works in Delphi 3, Delphi 5 and Delphi 7.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
\b ADVANCED COMPONENTS\b0\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033 ---------------------------------------------------------------\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033 DataXChange Data Import and Export Component Suite      \lang7177 Free (since 1/Jan/2004)\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       A set of components to allow the simple import and export of data using\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       commands based on the familiar TQuery component.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODDBImporter\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODDBExporter\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
TODJobSchedule\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab Rules Based Visual Drag & Drop Scheduling Business Components.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab Source code version works in Delphi 3, Delphi 5 and Delphi XE8.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODScheduleBox\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODJobSchedule\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab - TODJob\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab - TODJobItem\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
InfoQuest Query Builder Business Component Suite        \lang7177 Discontinued\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       -TiqARPreparer, TiqBuilderDialog, TiqCalcDialog, TiqCalcInfo,\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqDBDialog, TiqDBInfo, TiqExpertDialog, TiqFieldFilterDialog,\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqFindDialog, TiqFilterDialog, TiqGridDialog, TiqGroupDialog,\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqIniRepositor, TiqJoinDialog, TiqJoinInfo, TiqLookupDialog,\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqMakeDialog, TiqOrderDialog, TiqPrinter, TiqPxRepositor,\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqQRPreparer, TiqQueriesDialog, TiqQueryInfo, TiqQueryWindow,\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqRecordWindow, TiqSelectDialog, TiqTableDialog, \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqTreeDialog, TiqUnionDialog, TiqUpdateDialog, \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqUpdateInfo, TiqUpdateWindow, TiqWizardDialog, TMemoDialog,\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033        TiqPPPreparer\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\b\f1\fs20\lang1033 BASIC COMPONENTS: All Free: Currently work on Delphi 6\f0 , 7, XE8, 10.3\b0\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033 --------------------------------------------------------------------------\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033 The following business components are all free: since 12th October 2002\lang7177 ; updated 1st July 2015\f0\lang1033 , updated 1st January 2019\f1 .\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
All these products with source work equally well in  Delphi \f0 6\f1 -7 and Delphi XE8\f0  and Delphi 10.3 Rio\f1 .\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033 See Notes below for suite registration instructions.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
Calendar Components                                     Free\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Various business calendar components.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODCalendar\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODPopupCalendar\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODCalendarDialog\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODDBCalendar\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODDBPopupCalendar\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODTimePicker\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODDBTimePicker\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
Date / Price Management Component                       Free\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab Component for error-free maintenance of price history data.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODPriceController\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
Preparer Components                                     Free\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab DBField edit and QuickReport preparers.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Allows dynamic creation of quickreports.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODQRPreparer\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODFieldsWindow\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODFieldsPreparer\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
Data Printer Component\tab                                 Free\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab Low overhead Dataset/DBGrid printer business component.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODDataPrinter\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\par
Find Menu Component\tab                                 Free\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab DB Find & Find Next popup menu business component.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODFindMenu\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033  \f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033 ComboBox Components                                     Free\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033\tab DB Lookup ComboBox Business Components.\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       Components included are:\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODDBComboBox\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\f1\fs20\lang1033       - TODFieldComboBox\f2\fs24\lang1049\par
\par
}
 